[Music]
welcome to slash forward in this video
we're gonna take a look at puppet master
- the first sequel in the series let's
get to it we open on the cemetery where
our puppet friends have grown lonely for
their master the unbury his corpse and
managed to rejuvenate him with this
tepid yellow concoction with that
element now said we cut the daytime back
at Bodega Bay where the government
Paranormal Research team is attempting
to gain access to the hotel they find
their way in and have a look around
because ghosts prefer filth there are no
traces of Megan and the place is in
disarray presumably abandoned but with
no indication for how long we find out
they're there as a result of information
gleaned from the psychotic ravings of
Alex our survivor from the first movie
while the team of karel and patrick two
siblings Wanda and Lance set up their
base of operations were introduced to
Camille she rolls up to this unusually
placed pair of hillbillies who lived
near the coast Beach Billy's she gets
directions to the hotel immediately
takes her place as the supernatural
expert who poo-poos everything how
charming with some expositional scenes
we come to find out that Megan's brain
was pulled through her nose as the last
heir to the estate it was turned over to
the government
hence the research groups unfettered
access to the grounds right as everyone
is just beginning to get settled in
Camille has a sighting of a something
that she decides to explore further this
turns out to be a bad idea as she's
knocked down gagged and then slowly and
gently dragged off meanwhile things that
the monitoring stations are turning
sensual smooth line but consummation is
cut short as a flash of movement on the
screen it captures their attention turns
out it's the drill head puppet gone to
give patty a little kiss goodnight with
devastating results the others get there
too late in their playful mood is now as
dead as Patrick however they do manage
to capture and dissect the puppet
discovering an internal working of
mechanisms no apparent energy source so
you see it was all worth it as they work
to sort things out they receive an
unexpected visit from launch
hey stop being self-aware he identifies
himself as the owner of the hotel they
have a standoff and agreed to check into
the paperwork you must respect the
privacy of my personal quarters what
makes you think you're entitled to make
demands then this bad ass rolls up on
his hog loins reverberating from the 45
horses roaring beneath him we come to
learn his name is Michael he's Camille's
son and has come to help find her rather
than putting him to work however they
use this opportunity to convince him
plan on sticking around and explain
what's happened but without discussing
in why they haven't called the police
about the murder and disappearance
we then spend a little time with our
favorite bumpkins after a protracted
struggle resulting in some unfortunate
loss they managed to burn her up real
good and returned to Toulon with some
tasty niblets unfortunately cooked nibs
aren't sufficient for this level of
magic we find out Toulon is putting
together his potion which gives new life
for a 50-year period the end of which is
coming for his puppet friends I wanted
to establish that now so we could skip
past it for the additional 20 minutes or
so they spend on this throughout the end
of the movie later on Carol and Michael
find Toulon enjoying the beach he offers
some awkward courtesies before they head
out
they shouldn't want to see thanks for
the sound advice we come to find out
there are no limits to the depths the
puppets will go to achieve their goals
of self-preservation as this young man
finds one in the woods he ends up
playing a little too rough to live
though so he doesn't meanwhile Carol and
Michael demonstrate their budding
romance likely a purely chemical result
of the sensory titillation derived from
all that hog riding as we roll into the
final evening of our state Wanda
convinces Carol to leave her post and
visit Michel then promptly and
accidentally deletes all her progress
Michael with his bitching
hyper-masculine cable-knit romances the
crap out of her but his waylaid somewhat
when the weirdo shows up and insists on
touching people his rejection results in
the hissy fit hey things get a lot
better in the late 2000s we find out he
had genuine feelings for her vein Oh
hate to break it to you but your corpse
while this is going on Wanda does a
little cosplay and leaves for a moment
only to return to Lance getting
completely destroyed she then gets
properly sliced in the face
Carol seeing tulle on outside steals
away to his chambers to find out what
he's up to
however he almost immediately heads back
in Michael wakes up just in time to get
roasted but manages to escape pubes
fully intact he goes beast mode on the
puppets as he makes his way to two
Long's chambers as well meanwhile Toulon
has revealed himself and confirms that
Carol is the embodiment of Elsa - lon
he plans to transfer them into these
freaky puppet people having finished the
incantations he turns to Carol and tries
to convince her to do a lay back but she
promptly spits out the juice leaving
only one chalice of the sweet nectar
unwilling to risk it the puppets taken
preserving their self-interests
proceeded to dismantle too long by
teaching them how to make the potion
he's rendered himself unnecessary he
really should have watched Breaking Bad
more intently Michael and Carol managed
to get out and we
this hippie bus of puppets in the puppet
version of Camille for some reason you
have lots of fun we have children too
and well that's something and that
something was puppet master - I hope you
enjoyed the video and thanks for
watching
[Applause]
[Music]